Update 13 + 5.4 (#270)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/banIDComplex.md

# $banID[]
Bans a user using their ID.
## Syntax
```
$banID[reason;(user ID)]
```
## Parameters
- `reason`: The reason for this action, which will be saved in the audit-log.
> Use `$getBanReason[]` to get the ban reason.

> - `user ID`: Gets the user to ban. _(Optional)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `user ID`: The user to ban. If empty, the ID will be taken from the last part of the author's message. _(Optional)_
```
